Removed images (Admin Guide) (#3609)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/image-management.adoc

.Procedure: Configure the Build Host in the {productname} {webui}
. Select a client to be designated as a build host from the menu:Systems[Overview] page.

> . Navigate to the menu:System Details[Properties] tab, and check the [guimenu]``Add-on System Type`` > [guimenu]``OS Image Build Host`` box. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Navigate to the menu:System Details[Properties] tab, and, in the [guimenu]``Add-on System Type``  list,  check the [guimenu]``OS Image Build Host`` option. 
```
